Extend glossary (#2972)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_glossary-of-terms-used-in-project.adoc

[id="glossary-of-terms-used-in-{project-context}_{context}"]
= Glossary of terms used in {Project}

{Project} is a complete data centre management solution for physical hosts, virtual machines, and cloud instances.
Key features include automated host provisioning, configuration management, and content management including patch and errata management.
You can automate tasks and quickly provision hosts, all through a single unified interface.

This alphabetically ordered glossary provides an overview of {Project} related technical terms.

[[Activation_key]]
Activation key::
Activation keys are used by `subscription-manager` to register hosts to {Project}.

> They define subscriptions, products, content views, and other parameters to be associated with a newly created host.

Reviewer: It's an SCA-only world now. Activation keys do not define subscriptions.
They define content overrides (which in the UI is labeled 'Repository sets,' but I've never been sure why..), not products.

```suggestion
They define content view and lifecycle environment associations, content overrides, system purpose attributes, and other parameters to be associated with a newly created host.
```

+

> Activation keys consist of two parts: a lifecycle environment and a content view.

Reviewer: CV and LCE are just two of several associations an AK can have. I would leave this out.
```suggestion
```

> They are associated to exactly one lifecycle environment and exactly one content view, though this may be a composite content view.

Reviewer: This is true today, but remind me once we finish building multi-CV that this will need to change :)

Reviewer: Here's the demo I did about it a while back. Other features were higher priority, so nothing has changed about it since then.

https://community.theforeman.org/t/foreman-community-demo-122/32375

Reviewer: and the PR: https://github.com/Katello/katello/pull/10296

> You can use them on multiple machines and they behave like configuration information rather than traditional software license keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use them on multiple machines and they behave like configuration information rather than traditional software license keys.
You can also use multiple activation keys with a single host.
```

When a host registers using a given key, content is made available to the host.

> The content that is made available is the set theoretic intersection between the content present in the key's content view and lifecycle environment combination.

Reviewer: a bit more wordy but I think this is more accurate

```suggestion
The content that is made available depends on the content in the key's content view and lifecycle environment, any content overrides present, any repository-level restrictions such as OS or architecture, and system purpose attributes such as release version.
```

[id="glossary-of-terms-used-in-{project-context}_{context}"]
= Glossary of terms used in {Project}

{Project} is a complete lifecycle management tool for physical hosts, virtual machines, and cloud instances.
Key features include automated host provisioning, configuration management, and content management including patch and errata management.
You can automate tasks and quickly provision hosts, all through a single unified interface.

This alphabetically ordered glossary provides an overview of {Project} related technical terms.

[[Activation_key]]

> Activation key::

Reviewer 2: `ifdef:katello[]` ?

> Activation keys are used by `subscription-manager` to register hosts to {Project}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Activation keys are used by xref:Subscription-manager[subscription manager] to register hosts to {Project}.
```
Not sure if we capitalize "subscription manager".

Author: Yes: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#capitalization

Applied.

They define content view and lifecycle environment associations, content overrides, system purpose attributes, and other parameters to be associated with a newly created host.
+
// Reword when multi-CVs is part of Katello
They are associated to exactly one lifecycle environment and exactly one content view, though this may be a composite content view.
You can use them on multiple machines and they behave like configuration information rather than traditional software license keys.
You can also use multiple activation keys with a single host.

> When a host registers using a given key, content is made available to the host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a host registers using a given key, enabled content from {Project} is provided to the host.
```
Not sure how to phrase this, but not all content might be enabled in an AK.

Reviewer: @Lennonka I think that nuance is covered by the next sentence which was my suggestion applied. Maybe "certain content"?

```suggestion
When a host registers using a given key, certain content is made available to the host.
```

```
The content that is made available depends on the content in the activation key's content view and lifecycle environment, any content overrides present, any repository-level restrictions such as operating system or architecture, and system purpose attributes such as release version.
```

Reviewer 2: I missed the next line. Yes, that would work.

Author: Applied.

The content that is made available depends on the content in the activation key's content view and lifecycle environment, any content overrides present, any repository-level restrictions such as operating system or architecture, and system purpose attributes such as release version.
+
image::common/activation_key.svg[Activation key]

[[Ansible]]
Ansible::

> Ansible is an agentless open source automation engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ansible is an agentless open-source automation engine.
```

Author: Applied to all instances.

ifndef::satellite[]
For hosts running Linux,
endif::[]
Ansible uses SSH to connect to hosts.
ifndef::satellite[]
For hosts running Microsoft Windows, Ansible relies on WinRM.
endif::[]
It uses playbooks and roles to describe and bundle tasks.

> Within {Project}, you can use Ansible to configure hosts and perform remote execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within {Project}, you can use Ansible to configure hosts and perform xref:remote-execution[].
```
Should we add a definition for REX?

Author: Applied and added.

[[Container]]
Container (Docker container):: An isolated application sandbox that contains all runtime dependencies required by an application.
{Project} supports container provisioning on a dedicated compute resource.

[[Container_image]]
Container image:: A static snapshot of the container's configuration.
{Project} supports various methods of importing container images as well as distributing images to hosts through content views.

[[Content]]
Content::
A general term for everything {Project} distributes to hosts.
Content includes software packages such as `.{client-pkg-ext}` packages, errata, or Docker images.
Content is synchronized into the Library and then promoted into lifecycle environments using content views so that they can be consumed by hosts.

[[Content_delivery_network_CDN]]
Content delivery network (CDN):: The mechanism used to deliver Red{nbsp}Hat content to {ProjectServer}.

[[Content_host]]
Content host::
A content host receives content from your {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServers}.
// TODO: still true after https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKuMf9Li734&t=446s ???

> Content hosts are subscribed to {Project} and associated to exactly one content view and exactly one lifecycle environment.

Reviewer: Yes, but see https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/2795

I still think we should drop using this term and just use Hosts.

[[Content_view]]
Content view::
Content views are named and versioned collections of repositories.

> When you publiush a new content view version, the current state of the repositories within it is frozen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you publish a content view, a new content view version is created. This content view version is a frozen snapshot of the current state of the repositories within the content view.
```

Any subsequent changes to the underlying repositories will no longer affect the published content view version.
Once a content view is published, it can be promoted through the lifecycle environment path, or modified using incremental upgrades.

[[Composite_Content_View]]
Composite content view::

> Composite content views contain content views, which allows for a more modular approach to manage and version content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composite content views contain content views, which allows for a more modular approach to manage and version content. You can choose which version of each content view is used in a composite content view.
```

Candlepin:: A service within Katello responsible for subscription management.

[[Compliance_policy]]
Compliance policy::

> Compliance policies refer to the application of SCAP content to hosts using {Project} with its OpenSCAP plugin.
> You can create compliance policies using the {ProjectWebUI}.
> Compliance reports require the setting of a specific XCCDF profile from a SCAP content, optionally using a tailoring file.
> You can setup scheduled tasks on {ProjectServer} that check your hosts for compliance against SCAP content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compliance policies refer to the application of SCAP content to hosts by using {Project} with its OpenSCAP plugin.
You can create compliance policies by using the {ProjectWebUI}, Hammer CLI, or REST API.
A compliance policy requires the setting of a specific XCCDF profile from a SCAP content, optionally using a tailoring file.
You can set up scheduled tasks on {ProjectServer} that check your hosts for compliance against SCAP content.
When a compliance policy scan completes, the host sends an xref:ARF_report[ARF report] to {ProjectServer}.
```
I'm not sure if the second line about how you can create policies is necessary, but it certainly is not limited to web UI.

Author: Thanks! Applied and slightly reworded.

[[Compute_profile]]
Compute profile:: Specifies default attributes for new virtual machines on a compute resource.

[[Compute_resource]]
Compute resource::
A compute resource is an external virtualization or cloud infrastructure that you can attach to {Project}.
{Project} can provision, configure, and manage hosts within attached compute resources.

> Examples for compute resources include VMware or libvirt and cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon EC2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples of compute resources include VMware or libvirt and cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon EC2.
```

Author: Applied.

> You can access compute resources in the {ProjectWebUI} under *Infrastructure* > *Compute Resources*.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this has to be included in term definitions in general.

Author: Dropped.

[[Configuration_Management]]
Configuration Management::
Configuration management describes the task of configuring and maintaining hosts.
In {Project}, you can use
ifdef::satellite[]
Ansible and Puppet
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
Ansible, Puppet, and Salt
endif::[]

> to configure hosts and maintain everything in one place as a single source of infrastructure truth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to configure and maintain hosts with {Project} as a single source of infrastructure truth.
```

Author: Applied.

Errata:: Updated RPM packages containing security fixes, bug fixes, and enhancements.
In relationship to a host, erratum is *applicable* if it updates a package installed on the host and *installable* if it is present in the host's content view (which means it is accessible for installation on the host).

[[External_node_classifier_ENC]]
External node classifier (ENC)::
A construct that provides additional data for a server to use when configuring hosts.
When Puppet obtains information about nodes from an external source instead of its own database, the external source is called External node classifier.
If the Puppet plugin is installed, {ProjectName} can act as an External node classifier to Puppet servers in a {Project} deployment.
+

> The External node classifier will be removed in a future {Project} version.

Reviewer 3: Is is External still capitalized?

Also, I think we could even drop this whole line now because I don't think we will drop it.

Author: Dropped this line.

Facts are reported by Facter and used by Puppet.

[[Foreman]]
Foreman::

> Open source component to provision and manage hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open-source component to provision and manage hosts.
```

ifdef::satellite,orcharhino[]

> Foreman is the main upstream counterpart of {ProjectName}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Foreman is the core upstream component of {ProjectName}.
```

Author: Applied.

The generic image sends the host’s MAC address to {ProjectServer}, which matches it against the host entry.

[[Hammer]]
Hammer::
Hammer is a command-line interface tool for {Project}.
You can execute Hammer commands from the command line or utilize it in scripts.
You can use Hammer to automate certain recurring tasks as an alternative to {Project} Ansible collection or {Project} API.

[[Host]]
Host::
A host is a physical, virtual, or cloud instance registered to {Project}.

[[Host_collection]]
Host collection:: A user defined group of one or more Hosts used for bulk actions such as errata installation.

[[Host_group]]
Host group::
A host group is a template to build hosts that holds shared parameters, such as subnet or lifecycle environment.
It helps to unify configuration management in Ansible, Puppet, and Salt by grouping hosts.
You can nest host groups to create a hierarchical structure.
// ACK?
Host groups apply not only to new hosts, but also existing ones.

> Note that this excludes the content view and lifecycle environment, which is defined by the activation key.

Reviewer: Hosts inherit attributes from their assigned host group, but only if the host does not already have a value for the attribute. As of https://github.com/Katello/katello/pull/10841, content view and lifecycle environment do not behave any differently than other fields.

For existing hosts, Puppet class settings are the only ones that are "sticky" - https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Managing_Hosts/index-katello.html#Working_with_Host_Groups_managing-hosts

Author: Thanks, reworded.

It is usually either a mirror or a CD or DVD image.
// would you want to do this for RHEL or rather use a synchronized Kickstart repository?
Pointing the URL of the installation medium to a local copy, for example `http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/installation_media/`, can improve provisioning time and reduce network load.
+
Every operating system depends on exactly one path of an installation medium, whereas installation media paths may serve different operating systems at the same time.
ifdef::satellite[]
You
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
For {EL}, you
endif::[]
can use `$version`, `$major`, and `$minor` to parameterize the URL.
ifndef::satellite[]
Debian, Ubuntu, and {SLES} do not support such variables.
+
You can bundle installation media for multiple versions of Debian or Ubuntu in one path, for example a repository containing packages for both _Debian 11 "Bullseye"_ and _Debian 12 "Bookworm"_.
endif::[]

[[Job]]
Job:: A command executed remotely on a host from {ProjectServer}.
Every job is defined in a job template.

[[Katello]]
Katello::

> Katello is an open source plugin to perform content management and subscription handling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Katello is an open-source plugin to perform content management and subscription handling.
```

It depends on Pulp for content management, which fetches software from repositories and stores various versions of it.
It also depends on Candlepin for host registration and managing subscription manifests.
ifdef::satellite,orcharhino[]
The Katello plugin is always installed on {Project}.
endif::[]

[[Katello_Host_Tools_and_Katello_Host_Tools_Tracer]]
Katello Host Tools and Katello Host Tools Tracer::
The client-side software is responsible for the connection between hosts and content from {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServers}.
It uploads currently used repositories and installed packages to {Project} and signals if the host needs to be rebooted after updating the Linux Kernel.

[[Lazy_sync]]
Lazy sync:: The ability to change the default download policy of a repository from *Immediate* to *On Demand*.
The *On Demand* setting saves storage space and synchronization time by only downloading the packages when requested by a host.

[[Location]]
Location::
A collection of default settings that represent a physical place.
Location is a tag mostly used for geographical separation of hosts within {Project}.

> Examples include different cities or different data centres.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples include different cities or different data centers.
```
[American spelling](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/center)

Author: Applied. :)

[[Library]]
Library:: A container for content from all synchronized repositories on {ProjectServer}.
Libraries exist by default for each organization as the root of every lifecycle environment path and the source of content for every content view.

[[Lifecycle_environment]]

> Lifecycle environment::
> A lifecycle environment defines the stage in which certain versions of content are available to hosts and represents a step in the lifecycle environment path.
> Content moves through lifecycle environments by publishing and promoting content views.
> A typical scenario for lifecycle management is to distinguish between hosts for _development_, _testing_, and _production_.
> In this scenario, hosts are assigned to either the _development_, _testing_, or _production_ lifecycle environment and therefore run different versions of the same software in the different environments.
> This way, new versions of a software can be developed, and then tested before being used in the _production_ environment, greatly reducing the risk of disruption by prematurely rolled out updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lifecycle environment::
A lifecycle environment represents a step in the lifecycle environment path.
It defines the stage in which certain versions of content are available to hosts, such as _development_, _testing_, and _production_.
This way, new versions of software can be developed and tested before being deployed in a _production_ environment, thus reducing the risk of disruption by prematurely rolled out updates.
Content moves through lifecycle environments by publishing and promoting content views.
```
An attempt to simplify this. I think it's better to lead with the LE path.

Author: Thanks, applied!

Incremental upgrades provide a way to make in-place modification of an already published content view.
Useful for rapid updates, for example when applying security errata.

[[Installation_Media]]
Installation Media::

> Installation media are packages used to install the base operating system during the provisioning process.

Author: Applied.

An installation medium in {Project} represents the installation files for one or more operating systems, which must be accessible over the network, either through an URL or an NFS server location.
It is usually either a mirror or a CD or DVD image.
// would you want to do this for RHEL or rather use a synchronized Kickstart repository?

> Pointing the URL of the installation medium to a local copy, for example `http://{foreman-example-com}/pub/installation_media/`, can improve provisioning time and reduce network load.

Author: This is something that we currently use on orcharhino. I've therefore limited this sentence to orcharhino only.

+
Every operating system depends on exactly one path of an installation medium, whereas installation media paths may serve different operating systems at the same time.
ifdef::satellite[]
You
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
For {EL}, you
endif::[]

> can use `$version`, `$major`, and `$minor` to parameterize the URL.

Author: Reworded.

ifndef::satellite[]

> Debian, Ubuntu, and {SLES} do not support such variables.

Author: Dropped.

+

> You can bundle installation media for multiple versions of Debian or Ubuntu in one path, for example a repository containing packages for both _Debian 11 "Bullseye"_ and _Debian 12 "Bookworm"_.

Author: Dropped this example as it's not really necessary in the glossary.

endif::[]

[[Job]]
Job:: A command executed remotely on a host from {ProjectServer}.
Every job is defined in a job template.

[[Katello]]
Katello::

> An open source Foreman plugin to perform lifecycle management of registered hosts, content management, and subscription handling.

Author: Reworded.

> It depends on Pulp for content management, which fetches software from repositories and stores various versions of it.

Reviewer: It also depends on Candlepin for host registration and managing subscription manifests :)

Author: Added.

ifdef::satellite,orcharhino[]

> The Katello plugin is installed by default on {Project}.

Author: Applied.

endif::[]

[[Katello_Host_Tools_and_Katello_Host_Tools_Tracer]]
Katello Host Tools and Katello Host Tools Tracer::

> The client-side software is responsible for the connection between hosts and content from {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServers}.

Author: Dropped the entry for kht and kht-tracer.

> It uploads currently used repositories and installed packages to {Project} and signals if the host needs to be rebooted after updating the Linux Kernel.

Reviewer: yes this is correct. :+1:

> It uploads currently used repositories and installed packages to {Project} and signals if the host needs to be rebooted after updating the Linux Kernel.

Author: Dropped.

[[Lazy_sync]]
Lazy sync:: The ability to change the default download policy of a repository from *Immediate* to *On Demand*.
The *On Demand* setting saves storage space and synchronization time by only downloading the packages when requested by a host.

[[Location]]
Location::
A collection of default settings that represent a physical place.
Location is a tag mostly used for geographical separation of hosts within {Project}.
Examples include different cities or different data centres.

[[Library]]
Library:: A container for content from all synchronized repositories on {ProjectServer}.
Libraries exist by default for each organization as the root of every lifecycle environment path and the source of content for every content view.

> [[Lifecycle_environment]]

Reviewer 4: I don't think facts like this should be documented in a glossary. There are fully fledged modules describing lifecycle environments.

> [[Lifecycle_environment]]

Reviewer 4: I’m going to make things complicated again (sorry!): We're thinking about a situation when a user reads section X, hits an unknown term ("lifecycle environment"), visits the glossary to look up a definition, and then clicks the link to section Y that explains LE.

Well, why not just link to section Y from section X?

Or is there a different content flow/user journey where a glossary is an indispensable link in the chain?

> [[Lifecycle_environment]]

Author: Unless we find a better wording for "A typical scenario", then I'd actually leave it as is. Suggestions welcome; but unless you voice strong concerns, I consider these comments non-blocking.

I'd rather keep the glossary entry short because we have great docs on how to work with LE/LEPs.

[[Parametrized_class]]
Parametrized class (smart class parameter):: A parameter created by importing a class from Puppet server.

ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
[[Patch-and-release-management]]
Patch and release management::
Patch and release management describes the process of acquiring, managing, and installing patches and software updates to your infrastructure.
Using {Project}, you can keep control of the package versions available to your hosts and deliver applicable errata.
endif::[]

[[Permission]]
Permission:: Defines an action related to a selected part of {Project} infrastructure (resource type).
Each resource type is associated with a set of permissions, for example the *Architecture* resource type has the following permissions: *view_architectures*, *create_architectures*, *edit_architectures*, and *destroy_architectures*.
You can group permissions into roles and associate them with users or user groups.

ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
[[Product]]
Product::
Products are named collections of one or more xref:Repository[repositories].
ifdef::satellite[]
When you
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
If you manage Red{nbsp}Hat content and
endif::[]

> upload a Red Hat manifest, {Project} automatically groups Red{nbsp}Hat content within products.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure either :D Let's keep it.

ifndef::satellite[]
If you manage SUSE content using SCC Manager plugin, {Project} automatically groups SUSE content within products.
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Managing_SUSE_Content_content-management[Managing SUSE content] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

[[Promote]]
Promote (a content view):: The act of moving a content view from one lifecycle environment to another.
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Promoting_a_Content_View_content-management[Promoting a content view] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

[[Provisioning]]
Provisioning::
The provisioning of a host is the installation of the base operating system and registration to {Project}.

> Optionally, the process continue with the supply of content and the configuration.

Author: Fixed.

This process is ideally automated.
Provisioned hosts run on xref:Compute_resource[compute resources], never {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServers}.

[[Provisioning_template]]
Provisioning template::

> Provisioning templates are templates to install an operating system without the need of manual user input.

Author: Applied.

If you manage SUSE content using SCC Manager plugin, {Project} automatically groups SUSE content within products.
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Managing_SUSE_Content_content-management[Managing SUSE content] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

[[Promote]]
Promote (a content view):: The act of moving a content view from one lifecycle environment to another.
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Promoting_a_Content_View_content-management[Promoting a content view] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.

[[Provisioning]]
Provisioning::
The provisioning of a host is the installation of the base operating system and registration to {Project}.
Optionally, the process continue with the supply of content and the configuration.
This process is ideally automated.
Provisioned hosts run on xref:Compute_resource[compute resources], never {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServers}.

[[Provisioning_template]]
Provisioning template::
Provisioning templates are templates to install an operating system without the need of manual user input.
ifdef::satellite[]
{Project} contains provisioning templates for {client-os}.
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]

> // TODO: copy list of provisioning template types or add reference?

Author: found the list in guides/common/modules/proc_booting-virtual-machines.adoc

[[Parametrized_class]]
Parametrized class (smart class parameter):: A parameter created by importing a class from Puppet server.

[[Patch-and-release-management]]
Patch and release management::
Patch and release management describes the process of acquiring, managing, and installing patches and software updates to your infrastructure.
Using {Project}, you can keep control of the package versions available to your hosts and deliver applicable errata.

[[Permission]]
Permission:: Defines an action related to a selected part of {Project} infrastructure (resource type).
Each resource type is associated with a set of permissions, for example the *Architecture* resource type has the following permissions: *view_architectures*, *create_architectures*, *edit_architectures*, and *destroy_architectures*.
You can group permissions into roles and associate them with users or user groups.

[[Product]]
Product::
Products are named collections of repositories.
ifdef::satellite[]

> Products are either provided by Red{nbsp}Hat CDN or created to group custom repositories.

Reviewer: When you enable a Red Hat repository, a product is automatically created for you to group repositories within that Red Hat repository set.

Author: Reworded slightly and applied. Does this make sense now?

endif::[]

> One or more products form a content view, for example to bundle `{client-os}` and `{client-os} {client-os-major} Client`.

Reviewer: Content views bundle individual repositories, not products. I'd remove this.

Author: Thanks, dropped.

However, hosts cannot push changes back to the registry.

[[Repository]]
// TODO: reword
Repository::

> A repository is a single source of content, usually in form of an URL.

Author: Reworded.

It is the smallest storage unit for software content in {Project}.
A repository generally needs to be synchronized with a content source to obtain content, although you can also manually upload packages to {Project}.

> To be usable in {Project}, a remote repository must be of a _type_ supported by {Project}.

Reviewer: What is a "remote" repository? Is this a Pulp term bleeding into the documentation here? I don't think it adds much meaning.

Author: Removed "remote" and reworded the complete entry.

{Project} provides a number of predefined roles.

ifndef::satellite[]
[[Salt]]
Salt::
Salt is a configuration management tool used to maintain hosts in certain defined states, for example have packages installed or services running.
It is designed to be idempotent.
For more information about using Salt to configure hosts, see {ManagingConfigurationsSaltDocURL}[{ManagingConfigurationsSaltDocTitle}].
endif::[]

[[SCAP_content]]
SCAP content::
SCAP stands for Security Content Automation Protocol and refers to `.xml` files containing the configuration and security baseline against which hosts are checked.
{Project} uses SCAP content in compliance policies.

ifndef::orcharhino,satellite[]
[[Smart-Proxy]]
include::snip_glossery-term-smart-proxy.adoc[]
endif::[]

[[Subnet_image]]
Subnet image:: A type of generic image for PXE-less provisioning that communicates through {SmartProxyServer}.

[[Subscription]]
// TODO: Rename to "Red Hat subscription"?
Subscription:: An entitlement for receiving content and service from Red{nbsp}Hat.

[[Subscription-Manager]]
Subscription Manager::
`subscription-manager` is a client application to register hosts to {Project}.

> `subscription-manager` uses xref:Activation_key[activation keys] to consume content on hosts.

Reviewer: subscription-manager can also set system purpose attributes and content overrides from its CLI; not sure if that's worth mentioning here.

Author: In the spirit of the glossary, a short explanation what subscription-manager means is enough. Everything else should be covered in concepts and procedures. ACK @asteflova ?

User:: Anyone registered to use {ProjectName}.
Authentication and authorization is possible through built-in logic, through external resources (LDAP, Identity Management, or Active Directory), or with Kerberos.

[[Virtualization]]
Virtualization::

> Virtualization describes the process of running multiple operating systems with various applications on a single hardware host using hypervisors like VMware, Proxmox, or libvirt.

Author: I wrote "enabling plugins" because as I understand things, some compute resources are actual plugins, some part of foreman like Amazon EC2. ACK?

User:: Anyone registered to use {ProjectName}.
Authentication and authorization is possible through built-in logic, through external resources (LDAP, Identity Management, or Active Directory), or with Kerberos.

[[Virtualization]]
Virtualization::

> Virtualization describes the process of running multiple operating systems with various applications on a single hardware host using hypervisors like VMware, Proxmox, or libvirt.

Reviewer 2: Satellite doesn't support Proxmox

It facilitates scalability and cost savings.

> You can attach compute resources to {Project} by enabling the appropriate plugins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can attach virtualization infrastructure as compute resources to {Project}.
ifndef::satellite[]
Enable appropriate plugins to access this feature.
endif::[]
```

Author: Applied.

[[virt-who]]
virt-who:: An agent for retrieving IDs of virtual machines from the hypervisor.
When used with {Project}, virt-who reports those IDs to {ProjectServer} so that it can provide subscriptions for hosts provisioned on virtual machines.

[[XCCDF_profiles]]
XCCDF profiles::

> eXtensible Configuration Checklist Description Format (XCCDF) profiles are a component part of SCAP content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extensible configuration checklist description format (XCCDF) profiles are a component of SCAP content.
```
RH SSG?
